# Team 25
## Wednesday, 1:30PM May 15, 2024

# Weekly Meeting
### Meeting held in 1st floor Geisel West

### Attendance (6/10)
- Chris
- Sonya
- Nathan
- Derek
- Justin
- Kai
- Sahana (late)
- Kevin (late)
- Andrew (late)

### Absent
- Bobby

## Agenda
1. Chris Update
2. Review Issues
3. Calendar Review
4. JS Team
5. Story Points
6. Repo Organization


### Chris Update
- Focus more on process than design. We are ahead, so we should take a step back and make sure we're following their guidelines
- Chris made a board with an organization
- Video coming up at the end of the month

### Issue Review
Non extensive list of issues made by Nathan. New tags for homepage, calendar, JS, and storage. Make sure to link pulls to issues, and make new issues if what you are working on isn't alreayd there.

### Calendar
Initial implementation in completed. Some design features need to be finalized. Considered pushing to main but holding off.

### JS Team
Not many updates, but plan moving forward is to design storage system, so we know how that will work. JS front end features will be completed by homepage and calendar teams from now on. Back end storage will be main focus of JS team.

### Story Points
Split into teams to assign story points to tasks. Also make plan moving forward by assigning tasks.

### Repo Organization
Put some files into a config file to clean up the number of files in the root of the repository. Can potentially cause a problem so we will be careful with this.
